bao copy and paste essay questions here 
1.	1. Why do you want join Ada Developers Academy? Why are you interested in programming? Tell us about your journey thus far to learn about and confirm your interest in programming.
My real first interaction with programming came with the introduction of Myspace. I taught myself HTML and CSS code to style my profile page. Using basic HTML markups I personalized items such as: changing the background color, animating headers, adding music playlists, adding a visitor counter, and adding content to my profile.  
As a manual QA Tester I don’t use programing or coding to perform my work.  I know that the future of testing is headed toward automation so, I’ve picked up a course on Selenium through Udemy. Doing so has lead me to Freecodecamp.org where I’ve started studying their courses on JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. 
I seized an opportunity at work to serve as an Interim Defect Manager and Project Coordinator to manage AT&T’s “myAT&T” web and mobile application. I was responsible for triage and managing defects through it’s life cycle. During this time I worked closely with the development teams, onsite and offshore, to meet deployment dates. Through this experience I gained understanding of a developer’s workflow.  

2.	2. If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years? How do you see yourself impacting the technology field?
My collective work experiences have inspired me to explore Web Development as a career.  ADA will provide the necessary tools and skills to be a successful web developer. I want to apply my strong attention to detail and organizational skills to help write clean code that will help any organization create the best and most effective web pages and applications.  

3.	3. Read Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement. How will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community?
My parents are Hmong Refugees who immigrated to the U.S. in 1987. I grew up as a one and a half generation child in a small rural farming community in the Midwest.  The most influential people that my parents interacted with where doctors, teachers, and social workers which caused them to encourage me to pursue these professions.  My journey in pursuing higher education and these career paths has taught me that success and achievement is rarely done alone. It is crucial to have a network of support where one can draw strength and courage to venture into the unknown to conquer it.  I believe that the diversity gap in this industry is not a matter of ability or intelligence but rather access and visibility.  We need more diverse success stories. It is so empowering and motivating to see someone with similar adversity succeed and furthermore to be a part of their success. I would contribute to ADAs vision of diversity and inclusion by actively participating with my cohort and learning community. I will voice my struggles, questions, as well as my successes with my peers. I will contribute and share my knowledge and skills when needed. There is strength in numbers and I am determined to be an active member of my community.  

4.	4. Tell us about a time you made a mistake. What did you learn? What would you do differently?

One of my test cases checks for the interruption of a video streaming session in YouTube while receiving MMS. The procedure is: navigate to youtube.com by using the native browser, play a video, receive a MMS while streaming, and verify there is no interruptions in video streaming.
This test case usually passes, but all of a sudden many of the android phones were failing due to a pause in the streaming.  The investigation concluded that if the YouTube application is present on the test device, video streaming will open via the application even if the user opens it from YouTube.com.  We mistakenly file the defect not realizing that it was streaming via the application.
Our team was asked to manually disable the YouTube Application from the global settings menu if we saw this issue occur. This remedy worked for many of the testing devices but, not all of them.  Once defects were raise it became impossible to recall why it would pass on one device but not another and if the Application was disable not.  
The problem was that there was not a standard approach to testing.  Also realizing that if it was acceptable to disable the YouTube application once we saw the defect, why not disable it before we begin our testing as standard practice?  My suggestion was approved by our AT&T SME and now whenever we need to defend this defect, the answer is solid and clear, testing was done using youtube.com and YouTube App was disabled.  
